IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP FOR ALLOWING OR AUTHORIZING THE NSA TO KILL JEFF BOSS. I have filed a Federal lawsuit under the BIVENS ACT and the 
Paula Jones Supreme Court ruling that no one in the Government is immune from prosecution. The President of the United States has 
authorized the NSA to kill Jeff Boss for Whistleblowing. Mike Rogers and Rick Ledgettt and others at the NSA have help the NSA try to 
kill Jeff Boss. I  will be on the ballot for Congress from  NYC 2018. 550+ People, 20 military in uniform, and  a former Vice President 
all confirming my story on camera with 40 sworn affadavits. The NSA puts bad articles and videos online to discredit me. I have been on 
the ballot 15 times in the past 10 years, I wouldn't have run 15 times on the ballot if my story wasn't correct. I have the proof the 
that the NSA did the 911 attacks. I will also  be on  the ballot for  President of the United States in 2020 my 3rd time on the ballot 
for President. I have asked Edward Snowden to be my VP in 2020. I will also be running for Governor of NJ in 2017.  I witnessed the  NSA 
arrange the  911 attacks. I now have over 550 people on DVD saying the NSA gave them $20,000 to keep quiet, after they got my campaign 
literature that I witnessed the NSA arrange the 911 attacks. I also have over 40 afffidavits from quality people saying the same thing. I 
have over 20 U.S. Servicemen in uniform on camera saying they to were threatened by the NSA. I even have Al Gore on DVD confirming the 
NSA did the 911 attacks using a NSA secret code. Not one main stream media will run my story or my paid for political ads. I have been on 
the ballot in the past for President 2008 & 2012 in some states/U.S Senate( 11,000+ votes) 2008,2014/Governor of  NJ  2009 (16,000+votes 
in the Democratic  Primary) /Governor of NJ 2013 , Congress 2010 & State Senate 2011, Mayor of Guttenberg, NJ. In order to see the 
content you must move to the bottom of the page, after clicking on the subject. The NSA has tried to kill me numerous times for 
whistleblowing of which I have the proof. I now have a top person from the NSA confirming the NSA is trying to kill me.  Edward Snowden 
has been asked to run for Vice President in 2020 with Jeff Boss. I spent more than 27 years involved with the NSA, all the information is 
true. JEFF  BOSS  WITNESSED  THE  NSA  PLAN  THE   911  ATTACKS! JEFF  WILL BE ON  THE  BALLOT  FOR  MAYOR OF NYC 2017 JEFF  IS  AN  NSA  WHISTLE BLOWER. JEFF BOSS 
WITNESSED THE TOP HIGHEST CLEARANCE IN THE NSA GIVING PHONE CARDS TO THE 911 HIJACKERS IN MARCH OF 2001, AND TALKING ABOUT 
FLYING 12 PLANES INTO BUILDINGS ON THE SAME DAY. JEFF HAS OVER 500 PEOPLE ON DVD ADMITTING THE NSA GAVE THEM $20,000 TO KEEP QUIET AFTER 
THEY RECEIVED JEFF’S CAMPAIGN LITERATURE ABOUT THE NSA ARRANGING THE 911 ATTACKS. JEFF HAS OVER 40 AFFIDAVITS FROM PEOPLE SAYING THEY 
WERE GIVEN $20,000 FROM THE NSA TO KEEP QUIET AND WERE THREATENED WITH HARM IF THEY TOLD ANYONE, THAT THE NSA DID THE 911 ATTACKS. JEFF 
HAS A LIST OF OVER 10,000+ PEOPLE WHO GOT THE $20,000 FROM THE NSA.IN THE PAST JEFF WAS ON THE BALLOT FOR PRESIDENT(2008,2012), U.S. 
SENATE 2008, 2014 (11,000 votes in 2008),  CONGRESS, GOVERNOR OF NJ(2009 & 2013)(16,074 votes in 2009), State Senate. NO MAIN STREAM 
MEDIA IN THE USA WILL RUN JEFF’S STORY. THE MEDIA IS CONTROLLED BY THE  NSA. I Witnessed a top highest clearance, high up in the NSA (National Security Agency) 
planning the 911 attack. She was helping Ramsi Yousef (responsible for the 93 bombing at the World Trade Center) call his uncle Khalid Sheikh Mohammed(considered the mastermind of the 911 
attack) from the NSA secret prison in Alexandria, VA and she was talking about flying 12 planes into buildings. She was providing phone 
cards to what turned out to be the hijackers. I never heard the dates or the names of the buildings and I never thought anything would 
ever happen. But on September 10, 2001 I was told to go the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. My first day in a new office, and I 
was yelled at by 4 supervisors not to be late. I was late. Thank G-d. The NSA wanted the oil in Iraq, which has the second largest oil 
reserve in the world. Certain powerful people in the NSA told me that the electronic voting machines can be hacked into and the vote 
changed within seconds. If we do not have our vote, then we are not a democracy. By creating a culture of Fear, the NSA has helped to 
pass the Patriot Act, which trashes our Constitution. Now the NSA doesn’t need a warrant to listen to every ones phone calls & emails or 
go into their homes. The NSA is now listening to every ones phone calls and e mails using an enormous computer. The NSA spies on Wall 
Street and makes unlimited money. America has been overthrown by the NSA, our Civil liberties, Constitution, and Democracy are rapidly 
disappearing. I will not let them hijack my country. The NSA controls the media and prevents Jeff Boss’s message from being heard. Don’t 
you think a person who was on the ballot for President of the United States twice & U.S. Senate in New Jersey twice, and Governor of New 
Jersey (twice), State Senate,  and has filed to be on the ballot for  President in 2016, and talked about the NSA arranging the 911 
attack would be known? The Star Ledger, NY Times and Jersey Journal refused to run my paid for political ads. I have videos of over 500 
people on DVD admitting on tape that the NSA gave them $20,000 to keep quiet after they received my campaign literature and threatened to 
kill them if they told anyone that the NSA did the 911 attacks. I have over 40 affidavits from people saying the same thing. I have over 
20 U.S. servicemen in uniform saying the same thing on DVD. I even have Al Gore admitting that the NSA did the 911 attacks on DVD using 
an NSA secret code. Every time I post the videos, they are edited out or altered, even on You Tube. Every time I am on TV or Radio and 
talk about the 911 attack or show videos they are edited out. 
THINGS I WILL DO FOR YOU AS YOUR MAYOR OF NYC.
$20.00  minimum wage. Legalize Marijuana and Tax the sale. Free Internet College for all under and graduate degrees at the city colleges. 
It is time that anyone who wants to be a lawyer, nurse, doctor, or any degree is free on the internet for everyone, including books.   No 
killing at the animal shelters. 1,000,000+ of new modular apartments where the rent is no more than $200 for a 1 bedroom in every state 
No more car insurance a $400 flat rate insured by the State.  No city tax for city workers. Legalize sports betting at your lottery
machines and use the revenue to open 100 charter schools with union teachers in NYC. We will make the schools in U.S. the best in the 
world. Dogs allowed in restaurants and clubs like they are in France. Equal rights for everyone. I have a lot of great ideas to make NYC 
best City in the world.
 Since the NSA is trying to kill me every day for whistle blowing on the NSA. I have been involved with the NSA for more than 25 years. 
My home and car are bugged and poisoned,  I have a letter from a security company saying RF waves are off the charts coming out of my 
car.  I have William Binney a former top NSA Deputy admitting on camera that the NSA is trying to kill me for whistle blowing. 
My NYC apartment at 201 west 117th street apt 2b is bugged and poisoned by the NSA.
IMPEACH PRESIDENT OBAMA FOR AUTHORIZING THE NSA TO KILL JEFF BOSS CANDIDATE FOR MAYOR OF NYC.
 The following is how the NSA (in my opinion) operates illegally in America and around the world. The NSA has unlimited money and spends 
hundreds of billions of dollars a year on this program. The NSA trades on insider information, from their illegally spying on Wall Street 
and makes as much money as they need. The NSA has millions of spy’s across the globe. 95% of anyone that comes from a foreign country who 
spend more than 30 days in America, or goes to college in America is recruited by the NSA and is sent back as a spy to sabotage and spy 
on their home country. THE NSA HAS HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF SPYS IN EVERY COUNTRY.  IF THESE FOREIGNERS REFUSE, THE NSA TELLS THEM THAT 
THE NSA WILL KILL THEM AND THEIR FAMILIES. 90% of all the Congressman, Senators and Governors staff are employed by the NSA. This 
includes all the interns on Capitol Hill. This way the NSA spies on them and gathers dirt on them. 70% of all doormen, security guards, 
including at every Federal building, are working for the NSA. This way the NSA can break into anyone’s home or office. The NSA controls 
the lie detecting machines in almost all Federal agencies. 90% of all store managers work for the NSA, 50% of all nurses, 50% of all 
pharmacists, 30% of all U.S Marshalls and lots of FBI Police have been recruited by the NSA, and every Chief of Police, and most 
Sergeants and Lieutenants in every town works for the NSA. 90% of the graduating class at West Point, Annapolis, Air Force, and Coast 
Guard Academy are recruited by the NSA. This way the NSA controls the top people in the Military, and this is another way the NSA has 
overthrown America. The NSA also recruits every Valedictorian in every high school in America. 90% of every student that attends an Ivy 
league school is recruited by the NSA along with Georgetown and GW. This way when these people get into powerful positions, the NSA owns 
them. The NSA is ten times worse than the Nazis and kills hundreds of thousands of people a year who are on their list. That includes 
protesters, people who question the government, and many others. The NSA kills hundreds of thousands of people a year by poisoning their 
food. The NSA has a chef and coffee maker in almost every coffee shop and restaurant.  Don’t eat out with your cell phone with you, and 
microwave all your id’s and credit cards for 4 seconds only, to throw off the GPS tracking that is in the credit cards and driver’s 
license. You will see the silver eagle on the back of the credit card with lines through the wings. This means that the GPS chip is 
broken. It won’t hurt your credit card or id’s. The NSA poisoned the food of the clean up crews at ground zero that worked the pile. The 
Ground Zero clean up crews found unexploded explosives in the pile. The NSA didn’t want any witnesses.  My telephone # is 201-887-3910 
and my e mail is jeffboss1@aol.com. The NSA has been intercepting my phone calls and email so it is best to meet me in NYC on the first 
Monday of the Month in front of the NY Times 8th Ave entrance at 11am-11.30am. My websites are being altered or blocked by the NSA. 
Whenever, I go to the FBI the agents working for the NSA, block my complaints from being seen or write bad reports about me as directed 
by the NSA.  I have filed over 20+ complaints with the FBI & the U.S. Attorney's office. The FBI doesn't seem to care that tens of 
thousands of Americans have been threatened with death if they tell anyone that the NSA did the 911 attacks.
ATTENTION NSA AGENTS: Secret code word is leave it on the ground. Over 40,000+ NSA agents have been killed, to cover up for the NSA doing 
the 911 attacks. It is time not to follow these traitors, that are running the NSA. Possible Russian are in the computer system at Fort 
Meade and  are running the Agency. Speak out and put my story in the media and save America. This much we can stipulate: President John F. Kennedy
 was assassinated on Nov. 22, 1963, struck by two bullets — one in the head, one in the neck — while riding in an open-topped limo through Dealey
 Plaza in Dallas. Lee Harvey Oswald was charged with killing him, and a presidential commission headed by Chief Justice Earl Warren found that Oswald
 acted alone. That conclusion hasn't passed muster with the public. A 2003 ABC News poll found that 70% of Americans believe Kennedy's
 death was the result of a broader plot. The trajectory of the bullets, some say, didn't square with Oswald's perch on the sixth floor
 of the Texas School Book Depository. Others suggest a second gunman — perhaps on the grassy knoll of Dealey Plaza — participated in the
 shooting. Others believe in an even broader conspiracy. Was Kennedy killed by CIA agents acting either out of anger over the Bay of Pigs or
 at the behest of Vice President Lyndon Johnson? By KGB operatives? Mobsters mad at Kennedy's brother for initiating the prosecution of organized
 crime rings? Speculation over one of history's most famous political assassinations is such a popular parlor game that most people have taken the
 rumors to heart: just 32% of those polled by ABC believe Oswald carried out the killing on his own.
  I have recently uncovered evidence that the Flat Earth society and the Amish are slaves to the NSA which is secretly controlled by the Russian
  Government. This being that 9/11 was done by  Amish insurgents﻿, not Ossama Bin Ladin like the Obama administrations leads us to believe.
  This all started with a military project called Operation: G.E.T.W.O.K.E.O.R.G.E.T.B.R.O.K.E. This project was made using Amish Pilots

